bootstrap

1. CONTAINERS
    .container: class provides a responsive fixed width container
	.container-fluid: class provides a full width container, spanning the entire width of the viewport
    max-width will change on different screen sizes:

2. Container border and color
    p- can be added for paddong 
    my for margin 
    border for border
    bg-dark for dark background

3. Resposnsive CONTAINERS
    .container-sm 
    .container-md 
    .container-lg 
    .container-xl 

4.Grid system
   columns
    .col is used to make column of and bootstrap handels it 
    
5. Tables
    .table makes a basic table layout
    .table-striped makes a table with striped row design
    .table-bordered class adds borders on all sides of the table and cells:
    .table-hover class adds a hover effect (graybackground color) on table rows:

5. images
    .rounded gives rounded corners to the image
    .rounded-circle makes the image circuler
    .img-thumbnail gives border to the image
    .float-left .float-right are used to align images
    .mx-auto .d-block can be used to center the image
    .img-fluid for responsive image

6. Jumbotron
    A jumbotron indicates a big grey box for calling extra attention to some special content or information.
    it gives rounded borders
    .jumbotron-fluid removes rounded border

7. .alerts
    it is used to create alerts
    .alert-success makes the alert green with rounded corners
    .alert-link is used to make a link for alert

8. .btn is used to make buttons in bootstrap
   .btn can be used in <a> <button> <input>
   btn-primary,secondary,success,info, warning, danger, dark, light, link these are the basic properties 
   btn-outline-primary,secondary,success,info,warning, danger,dark, light
   btn-lg,sm can make button large and small
9. .spinner-border
    this class makes the loading animation
    disabled property makes the button not working
    .spinner-glow is a glowing animation

10. .btn-group
    use a <div> element with class .btn-group to create a button group
    .btn-group-lg,sm can be used to determine the size of the group
    .btn-group-vertical is used to make vertical groups

11. .dropdown-toggle 
    It is used to create a dropdown button and data-toggle="dropdown" attribute is added
    to to enable the dropdown 
    span.caret is added to the split button to change the icon of the split
    
12. .badges 
    it is used for span
    it is used to create badges for the elements
    badge-primary,secondary,success,info, warning, danger, dark, light
    .badge-pill is used to make pill shaped badges

13. .progress
    it is used to create a progress bar.
    .progress-bar is used to create the bar in the progress  bar
    style="width:;" is used to determine the progress
    style="height:;" is used to determine the height of progess bar
    to label the progess bar we put he value of the progess bar div 
    to color the progress bar we use .bg-success,info,warning,danger,white,secondary
    .progress-bar-striped is used to make a striped progress bar
    .progress-bar-animated to make the progress bar animated

14. Nav Menus
    we use <ul> and <li> elements to create nav menus
    .nav is used in ul
    .nav-item in li
    .nav-link in a 
    by default the nav bar is left algned
    bt it can be changed by adding .justify-content-end or .justify-content-center to ul
    .flex-column is used to create a vertical nav
    .nav-tabs is used to make the nav appear as tabs
    .nav-pills is used to make the bav appear as pills
    .nav-justified is used in <ul> to make the nav be justified
    for making dropdown in pill nav or tab nav we use .dropdown in li tag
    and .dropdown-toggle and data-toggle="dropdown" in the a tag
    and make the dropdown-menue 
    for making toggleable tabs we use role="tablist" in ul tag
    then data-toggle="tab" in the a tags setting the href="#the id of the div of the content"
    we make the content of the tab after the unordered list
    we use .tab-content in the div-in this div we will write all the tabs using div.container.tab-pane
    we will add .active to the div we want active
    we will set the id of the div 

15. navbar
    we use nav element and class name .navbar
    to make a responsive nav bar we use navbar-expand-sm,lg,xl,md 
    to make it vertical remove the navbar-expand
    ul.navbar-nav is used
    for colored navbar use bg-... or navbar-dark,light
    to add a logo or brand name use the a tag and class nav-brand
    if a image is used the use img tag in it
     
    to make a navbar fixed at top we use .fixed-top in nav tag
    Use the .sticky-top class to make the navbar fixed/stay at the top of the page when you scroll past it. 